Detailed Description of Functional Requirements

	Functional Requirements
	
		Sign In	
		
			Purpose / Description:  Log in to the system.
			Inputs:  First name, Last Name, Phone number.
			Processing:  Customers enter First name, Last Name, Phone number in a database. These profiles are saved in the database for future equipment rentals.
			Outputs: Customer is signed in.
		
		Minors / 18 and over
		
			Purpose / Discription:  Minors must be listed with an adult in the database.
			Inputs:  Minor and 18 or older checkboxes.
			Processing:	Option will distinguish every rider as a minor or an adult.
			Outputs: Adults with these minors.
		
		Waiver
		
			Purpose / Discription:   Read and check off waiver.
			Inputs:  Read check box.
			Processing:  The check box serves as a signature for waiver.
			Outputs:  All rider must varify that they have read the waiver by marking the check box.
			
		I.D. Collection
		
			Purpose / Discription:  Explain ID collection process.
			Inputs:  All riders 18 and over.
			Processing:  All rider must turn in an ID and Main contact must turn in current D.L.
			Outputs:  proceed to office in order to complete check in.
			
		Equipment Rental
		
			Purpose / Discription:  Equipment information and prices.
			Inputs:  Equipment selection.
			Processing:  Customer will select equipment.
			Outputs: Equipment selected will be checked out under customer profile.
		
		Sync to Class Database
		
			Purpose / Discription:  Sync to Class database.
			Inputs:  Fristname, Lastname, Phone number, and special equipment clearence.
			Processing:  Sync will create a profile for people who have special equipment clearence in the Class database. If cleared those equipment will show up for rental.
			Outputs:  People that has taken a class will have a profile.
			
		Inventory
		
			Purpose / Discription:  Current Inventory.
			Inputs:  Add, remove, repair, staff.
			Processing:  Method of keep track off current inventory in use, in repair, staff use, and remove equipment.
			Outputs: Up to date iventory list.
			
		Hook Number
			
			Purpose / Discription:  Key tag.
			Inputs:  Key tag number.
			Processing:  filing system for car keys.
			Outputs:  To maintain a efficent key filing and finding system.
			
		Pervious Page / start over
		
			Purpose / Discription:  Previous Page / start over.
			Inputs:  Previous page and start over buttons.
			Processing:  Capability to move to previous pages or completely start over.
			Outputs: The previous page or sign in page.
			
		Check In Complete
		
			Purpose / Discription:  Check in colmplete.
			Inputs:  Complete pre-check in.
			Processing:  Direct customer to proceed inside with Id cards.
			Outputs: Completed pre-check in.
		
		Return and Time Stop
		
			Purpose / Discription:  Stop rental.
			Inputs:  Stop Time.
			Processing:  Staff will stop the time on a rental equiptment.
			Outputs:  Total time equipment rented.
			
		Admin Log In
		
			Purpose / Discription:  Admin Log In.
			Inputs: Username and Password.
			Processing:  Admin will have a seperate account with special clearences.
			Outputs:  Administrative access.
			
		Profile Deletion 
			
			Purpose / Discription:  Deletion of customer profile.
			Inputs:  Last rental date.
			Processing:  If a customer has not rented within 7 years, the profile will be deleted from the database.
			Outputs:  Database consists of customers who have rented in the last 7 years.