3.1.1 User Interface
Users of the web system will directly manipulate or interact with a terminal station. 
The following is an overview of the elements which the user can directly manipulate 
or control within the web system. 

The system distinguishes between three sets of users:
1. Customers (New and Current)
2. Staff
3. Adminstrators

New Customers User Interface:
	The registration web page enables new users to create a username, enter phone number or password, and 
	enter other identifying attributes needed to register a user into the system. Users fill this information
	and then are prompted to click a Submit button. There is also the option to click a Clear button to erase
	undesired entries if necessary.

Current/Returning Customers User Interface:
	The registration web page is divided into two parts such that the left is registration for new customers and 
	the right is login for returning customers. This login for returning customers is intended to be quick and 
	convenient, so that only email/phone number or email/password is needed to login to the system.

Staff User Interface:
	The staff will see a "current customer" webpage, which lists the most recent requests from customers who are
	waiting for a rental. It will have all pertinent information such as the name of the customer, the equipment
	desired to be rented as well as the quantity of the rental and how many other individuals are with the customer
	as a group. 

	The staff will also have access to a "sales webpage", which will give descriptive information on a particular customer's
	rentals, the duration of those rentals, and the final calculated cost (minus the cost of a precalculated grace period).

	Additionally, the staff (just like the customers) will have their own login page, so that the system can uniquely
	identify which personell handles which transactions.

Administrator User Interface:
	The administrator will have a master login to an area of the system not accessible by the staff (and of course 
	the customers).

	The administrator will have all of the priviledges of the staff; she will be able to see not only current
	transactions, but also a history of transactions. The administrator will have access to a webpage to allow
	her to modify the costs of the various items in the queue of rental equipment.Such changes will be immediately
	visible in the transactions of subsequent customers.

	The adminstrator will also have a reports interface to allow her to generate indicators relating to the overall
	business, such as history of sales, the number of customers, the number of rentals, most popular item, etc. Each
	of these can be filtered to a particular time period.
		
